# 5/7/25 Meeting
Time: 3:23 PM - 4:26 PM
Location: Zoom

## Attendance:
- Wilson Zhu
- Giana Gesmundo
- Lawerence Novilla
- Melissa De La Cruz
- Reiner Luminto
- 
### Melissa
- Worked on Collection page with Suhani
  - other pages split between others on front end
- Added the necessary codes to the PR to make it work 
- Worked mainly on PR #41
- added main_page.html
- added style.css
- added app.js
- Going forward:
  - more communication from the team (responsiveness and communication)
  - more sturcture in assigning and creating tasks
### Lawerence
- worked on the injection issues
- worked on deleting and updating cards
- Going forward:
  - More communication w/ backend team
### Giana
- Helped fix codacy errors for front end code
- Will help create funcationalities for Create and Read
- Going forward:
    - more people should show up to meetings
### Reiner
- Implemented CI/CD pipeline
 - #35 setup ESLint for our project
 - Helped setup code quality checks using Codacy
 - #40 add the yml files for GitHub actions for both linting and codacy
 - Also added stylelint to implement linting to stylesheets that we are using
- Cleared the issues for #41 to allow us to merge the PR on to main
- Going Forward:
  - Start earlier and having better comms
### Wilson
- Worked on implementing a CI/CD pipeline to ensure checks were done prior to merge with main branch
  - Helped setup code quality standards
- Worked to fix a bug impacting both the front end and back end teams
  - Issue was caught by codacy
- Ensured automated checks happen at every PR
- Going Forward:
  - Needs better communuication as well as more structure in creating tasks rather than having them be self assigned. 